Okay, it's here, the car should be waiting inside.
Wait a minute, please laugh.
This is for you.
This little box is fun.
This is called a cell phone.
It's essential for us modern people.
You arbitrarily pour it out.
Call me if you have anything.
Until then, we have to do that.
How's it going? Did you like this little surprise?
Thank you, I like it very much, so you have to try it.
I'm going to pick up the hostess and I won't go with you.
Okay.
You will follow orders.
Cheers!
Okay.
Very well, you've worked hard.
It's hard, drink a bottle of water.
Mrs. Qin.
This next match is Qin Xiao and the female opponent.
This lady has not come here yet.
Sue, didn't you get the video?
Any company that has a long vacation will not need cooperation in the future.
Hey, Van, listen to me.
What?
Simple people don't come in the middle.